.TH GIT-PY-STATS "1" "September 2024" "git-py-stats 0.2.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
git-py-stats \- A Python implementation of git-quick-stats.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B git-py-stats
[\fIoptions\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
git-py-stats is a command-line tool for generating various statistics and information about a git repository.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-T, \--detailed-git-stats
Display a detailed list of git statistics.

.TP
.B \-R, \--git-stats-by-branch BRANCH
Show detailed git statistics by branch.

.TP
.B \-c, \--changelogs
Display the changelogs.

.TP
.B \-L, \--changelogs-by-author "AUTHOR NAME"
Show changelogs filtered by author.

.TP
.B \-S, \--my-daily-stats
Show your daily stats.

.TP
.B \-V, \--csv-output-by-branch
Output daily stats by branch in CSV format.

.TP
.B \-j, \--json-output
Save git log as a JSON formatted file.

.TP
.B \-b, \--branch-tree
Show an ASCII graph of the git repository branch history.

.TP
.B \-D, \--branches-by-date
Display branches sorted by date.

.TP
.B \-C, \--contributors
See a list of all contributors to the repository.

.TP
.B \-n, \--new-contributors
List contributors who made their first contribution since a specified date.

.TP
.B \-a, \--commits-per-author
Display a list of commits per author.

.TP
.B \-d, \--commits-per-day
Display a list of commits per day.

.TP
.B \-Y, \--commits-by-year
Display a list of commits per year.

.TP
.B \-m, \--commits-by-month
Display a list of commits per month.

.TP
.B \-w, \--commits-by-weekday
Display a list of commits per weekday.

.TP
.B \-W, \--commits-by-author-by-weekday "AUTHOR NAME"
Display a list of commits per weekday by author.

.TP
.B \-o, \--commits-by-hour
Display a list of commits per hour.

.TP
.B \-A, \--commits-by-author-by-hour "AUTHOR NAME"
Display a list of commits per hour by author.

.TP
.B \-z, \--commits-by-timezone
Display a list of commits by timezone.

.TP
.B \-Z, \--commits-by-author-by-timezone "AUTHOR NAME"
Display a list of commits by timezone by author.

.TP
.B \-r, \--suggest-reviewers
Suggest code reviewers based on contribution history.

.TP
.B \-k, \--commits-calendar-by-author "AUTHOR NAME"
Display a calendar of commits by author.

.TP
.B \-H, \--commits-heatmap
Shows a heatmap of commits per day-of-week per month for the last 30 days.

.TP
.B \-h, \--help
Show this help message and exit.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Tom Ice.

.SH COPYRIGHT
MIT License. This is free software; see the source for copying conditions. There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

